c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\bin\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.exe.config
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\bin\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.exe
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\bin\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.pdb
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.exe
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.pdb
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.Form1.resources
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.AddItemForm.resources
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.AdminForm.resources
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\bin\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.mdf
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\bin\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna_log.ldf
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.AddUserForm.resources
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.AddSectionForm.resources
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.ViewEditDeleteForm.resources
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.UserForm.resources
c:\users\marko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FiskalnaBlagajna\FiskalnaBlagajna\obj\Debug\FiskalnaBlagajna.ChargeForm.resources
